# mindysfuture
My future as a C# developer
3/29/2020 -  Trying to restart this training to get back to C# again. This has been going on for almost 10 years and I've gotten nowhere yet. I'm unemployed AGAIN, laid off for the 3rd time now in 10 years. First Chase in 2009, then NCHRI in 2017, now Sedgwick in 2020. Fortunately I wasn't unemployed long after NCH, actually not at all. I took a week off deliberately but had the offer before my employment ended at NCHRI. Of course after Chase it took a year and 9 months to find something at CGI/DOPS with a 33% cut in pay. I finally got back to what I was making there just a couple of years ago, now I'm back to NOTHING! It's so effing aggrivating. All 3 times though basically it was my own fault. Well not as much from NCHRI, I should never have gone there in the first place. I did not understand that I had not even met the person I was supposed to be reporting to until a week after I started. I will not do that again. You have to know whether you will click with that person or not and in this case I DID NOT! After that it was just downhill. I couldn't be a decent BA because it was all research scientific stuff, that I know nothing about. This time, again, it's not like it was all my fault. I was put into an impossible situation and got no help from anyone and then I complained one too many times to the wrong person and my new so-called manager just decided to eliminate my position. I had only talked to him for like 30 min on the phone once and 20 min. in person. That's it, in 5 months. I couldn't get anything out of him. I really need to try to get into a position where I can work for myself. I just don't know how I'm going to do that yet. Besides with the Coronid-19 issue rampping up litterally the week after I was let go, isn't helping matters any. Who knows if I'll even be around to go back to work once this is all over. It's going to take a year and a half for them to come up with a vaccine and people are dieing left and right in the mean time. We don't know who is going to survive this thing. I'm so effing depressed. Almost in tears now. I just talked to Lynda and she's doing ok. She did invite me over for a drink but I don't think Bonnie would like it if I took her up on it. I said if I lived alone, that would be different. Bonnie is scared to death.
